REVIEWER3
PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated: August 25, 2025
This Privacy Policy describes how Reviewer3, Inc. (“Company,” “we,” or “us”) collects, uses, discloses
and otherwise processes information about you. This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect
when you access or use our website (the “Website”) or when you otherwise interact with us, such as
through our experiences, partnerships, and consulting services (the “Services”).
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising
the date at the top of this policy. If we make material changes, we will provide you with additional notice
(such as by adding a statement to the Website or sending you a notification). We encourage you to review
this Privacy Policy regularly to stay informed about our information practices and the choices available to
you.

CONTENTS
Collection of Information
Use of Information
Targeted Advertising and Analytics
Disclosure of Information
Transfer of Information
Contact Us

COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information directly from you when you create an account, request customer support, or
otherwise communicate with us. The categories of information we collect include:
●

Identification and Contact Information: we collect your email address.

●

Financial Information: we collect payment information through third party payment processors.

●

Communication Information: we collect information included in your communications with us.

We may also collect any other information you choose to provide.

Information We Collect Automatically
We automatically collect the following categories of information:
●

Internet Activity Information: we collect information about how you access our Website, including
data about the device and network you use, such as your hardware model, operating system version,
mobile network, IP address, unique device identifiers, and browser type. We also collect information
about your activity on our Website and interaction with our communications, such as access times,
pages viewed, links clicked, and the page you visited before navigating to our Website.

●

Information Collected by Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies: We use tracking
technologies, such as cookies and pixels, to collect information about your interactions with our
Website and communications. These technologies help us improve our Website and communications,
-1-

160393148.2

see which areas and features of our Website are popular, count visits, and track clicks. You may be
able to adjust your browser settings to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that removing or
rejecting cookies could affect the availability and functionality of our Website.

USE OF INFORMATION
We use the categories of information we collect for the following business and commercial purposes:
●

Service Delivery: we use information to provide and maintain our Services.

●

Communication: we use information to communicate with you about Company and our Services,
including to send you newsletters, respond to your questions, inform you of price or Services
changes, and send you other transactional or relationship messages.

●

Marketing and Advertising: we use information to send direct marketing messages (including via
email) and target advertisements to you on third-party platforms and websites as described below. You
can opt out of direct marketing messages we send by following the instructions in those
communications (such as by clicking “unsubscribe” in the emails) or by contacting us.

●

Conducting Analytics: we use information to monitor and analyze Website trends, usage, and
activities, improve our Website, and generate de-identified data.

●

Protection and Compliance: we use information to detect, investigate, and help prevent security
incidents and other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, help protect the rights and
property of Company and others, and comply with our legal and financial obligations.

TARGETED ADVERTISING AND ANALYTICS
We engage others to provide analytics services, serve advertisements, and perform related services. These
entities may use cookies, web beacons, device identifiers, and other technologies to collect information
about your use of our Website and your activities across the web and in third-party mobile applications,
including your IP address, web browser and mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on
pages, and links clicked. This information is used to deliver advertising targeted to your interests on other
companies’ sites or mobile apps and to analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content,
and better understand your activity.
You can also learn more about interest-based ads, or opt out of having your web browsing information
used for behavioral advertising purposes by companies that participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance,
by visiting www.aboutads.info/choices.

DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
We disclose the categories of information described above as follows:
●

Vendors: we disclose information to vendors, service providers, contractors and consultants that
need this information to provide services to us, such as companies that assist us with web hosting,
payment processing, customer service, analytics, and marketing and advertising.

●

Professional Advisors: we disclose information to our lawyers and other professional advisors
where necessary to obtain advice or otherwise protect and manage our business interests.

●

Legal Authorities: we may disclose information to legal authorities and others for the Protection
and Compliance purposes described above, including if we believe that disclosure is in accordance
with, or required by, any applicable law or legal process, including lawful requests by public
authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements and if we believe that your
actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies, if we believe that you have violated
-2-

160393148.2

the law, or if we believe it is necessary to protect the rights, property, and safety of Company, our
users, the public, or others.
●

Corporate Transactions: we reserve the right to disclose information in connection with, or during
negotiations of certain corporate transactions, including the merger, sale of company assets,
financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company.

●

Affiliates: we reserve the right to disclose information between and among Company and any
current or future parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, and other companies under common control and
ownership.

●

Consent: we may disclose information when we have your consent or you direct us to do so.

We also disclose de-identified information that cannot reasonably be used to identify you.

TRANSFER OF INFORMATION
Company is headquartered in the United States and we have operations and vendors in the United States
and other countries. Therefore, we and those that perform work for us may transfer your information to,
or store or access it in, jurisdictions that may not provide levels of data protection that are equivalent to
those of your home jurisdiction.

CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at support@reviewer3.com.

-3160393148.2

