REVIEWER3
TERMS OF SERVICE
Last Updated: August 25, 2025
These Terms of Service (“Terms”) apply to your access to and use of (a) the website located at https://
reviewer3.com (or any successor links) and all associated web pages, websites, and social media pages
(the “Website”) provided by Reviewer3, Inc. (“Reviewer3,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) and (b) any online
services ((a) and (b), collectively, our “Services”).
By using our Services, you expressly agree to these Terms. Please carefully review these Terms
before using our Services, including, without limitation, the warranty disclaimers and releases set
forth in Section 9, which limit our liability and your ability to bring certain claims against us.
Please be aware that if you subscribe to services for a term (the “Initial Term”), then the terms of
your subscription will be automatically renewed for additional periods of the same duration as the
Initial Term at Reviewer3's then-current fee for such services, unless you cancel your subscription
in accordance with Section 1 below.
BY AGREEING TO THESE TERMS, EXCEPT FOR (I) CERTAIN TYPES OF DISPUTES
DESCRIBED IN SECTION 11 (II) WHERE YOU EXERCISE YOUR RIGHT TO OPT OUT OF
ARBITRATION AS DESCRIBED IN SECTION 11, OR (III) TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED
BY LAW, DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND REVIEWER3 WILL BE RESOLVED SOLELY ON
AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT AS A CLASS ARBITRATION, CLASS ACTION, ANY
OTHER KIND OF REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING, OR BY JURY TRIAL.
We may indicate that different or additional terms, conditions, guidelines, policies, or rules apply in
relation to some of our Services (“Supplemental Terms”). Any Supplemental Terms become part of your
agreement with us if you use the applicable Services, and if there is a conflict between these Terms and
the Supplemental Terms, the Supplemental Terms will control for that conflict.
We may make changes to these Terms. The “Last Updated” date above indicates when these Terms were
last changed. If we make future changes, we may provide you with notice of such changes, such as by
sending an email, providing a notice through our Services, or updating the date at the top of these Terms.
Unless we say otherwise in our notice, the amended Terms will be effective immediately, and your
continued use of our Services after we provide such notice will confirm your acceptance of the changes. If
you do not agree to the amended Terms, you must immediately stop using our Services. Any changes to
these Terms will not apply to any dispute between you and us arising prior to the date on which we posted
the updated Terms incorporating such changes or otherwise notified you of such changes.

1.

Eligibility and Use Restrictions; Accounts

(a) Eligibility and Use Restrictions. Users under 18 years of age (or the age of legal majority where the
user lives) may only use our Services under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian who agrees
to be bound by these Terms. The parent or legal guardian of a user under the age of 18 (or the age of
legal majority) is fully responsible for the acts or omissions of such user in relation to our Services. If
you are a parent or legal guardian and you believe that your child under the age of 18 is using our
Services without your consent, please contact us at support@reviewer3.com. In using our Services,
you represent and warrant that you meet the eligibility requirements to use our Services and have the
authority to be bound by these Terms, including, without limitation, if you use our Services on behalf

of another person or entity (in which case “you” will include that person or entity and that person or
entity agrees to be responsible to us).
(a) Accounts. You may be required to create an account with us in order to use some or all of our
Services. You will promptly update any information contained in your account if it changes. You must
maintain the security of your account, as applicable, and promptly notify us if you discover or suspect
that someone has accessed your account without your permission. We reserve the right to reject,
require that you change, or reclaim usernames, including on behalf of businesses or individuals that
hold legal claim, including trademark rights, in those usernames.
(b) Fees.
a. Subscriptions and Auto-Renewal. Reviewer3 may offer some services as automaticallyrenewing subscriptions, e.g., a one-week subscription, one-month subscription, or threemonth subscription (“Premium Services”). IF YOU PURCHASE AN AUTOMATICALLY
RENEWING SUBSCRIPTION, YOUR SUBSCRIPTION WILL RENEW AT THE END OF
THE PERIOD, UNLESS YOU CANCEL, AT REVIEWER3 THEN-CURRENT PRICE FOR
SUCH SUBSCRIPTIONS. To avoid charges for a new subscription period, you must cancel,
as described below, before the end of the then-current subscription period. Deleting your
account or deleting the application from your device does not cancel your subscription. You
will be given notice of changes in the pricing of the Premium Services to which you have
subscribed at least fourteen (14) days prior to the change and an opportunity to cancel. If
Reviewer3 changes these prices and you do not cancel your subscription, you agree that you
will be charged at Reviewer3'ss then-current pricing for subscription.
b. Subscription Cancellation. You may cancel or change your payment method via the
payment settings option under your profile. If you cancel your subscription, you may use
your subscription until the end of the period you last paid for, but (i) you will not (except as
set forth in the subsection entitled “Refunds” below) be eligible for a prorated refund, (ii)
your subscription will not be renewed when that period expires and (iii) you will then no
longer be able to use the Premium Services enabled by your subscription.
c. One-Time Purchases. Reviewer3 may also offer one-time, non-subscription purchases,
including, but not limited to, the purchase of a single paper review or a bundle of review
credits (“One-Time Purchases” or “Review Credits”). One-Time Purchases are charged
once at the point of sale and do not auto-renew. Review Credits entitle you to redeem the
specified, eligible Services (e.g., one review per credit) as determined by our sole discretion
and cannot be transferred, resold or exchanged and for your internal use only. Unless
otherwise stated at purchase, Review Credits do not expire and have no cash value. We
reserve the right to set expiration dates, usage limits, or other conditions on One-Time
Purchases or Review Credits and to modify or discontinue such programs at any time without
notice. If a particular One-Time Purchase or Review Credits includes specific usage limits,
redemption windows, or other conditions, those will be disclosed at checkout and will
govern.
d. Free Trials. If you sign up for a free trial and do not cancel, your trial may convert into a
paid subscription and your payment method will be charged at the then-current price for such
subscription. Once your free trial converts to a paid subscription, your paid subscription will
continue to automatically renew at the end of each period, and your payment method will be
charged, until you cancel. To avoid charges for a new subscription period, you must cancel
before the end of the then-current subscription period or free trial period as described above.

Deleting your account or deleting the application from your device does not cancel your free
trial.
e. Refunds. Generally, all charges for purchases are nonrefundable, and there are no
refunds or credits for partially used periods.
f.

2.

Taxes. The payments required under this Section do not include any Sales Tax that may be
due in connection with the Premium Services provided under these Terms. If Reviewer3
determines it has a legal obligation to collect a Sales Tax from you in connection with these
Terms, Reviewer3 will collect such Sales Tax in addition to the payments required under this
Section. If any Premium Services, or payments for any Premium Services, under these Terms
are subject to any Sales Tax in any jurisdiction and you have not remitted the applicable Sales
Tax to Reviewer3, you will be responsible for the payment of such Sales Tax and any related
penalties or interest to the relevant tax authority. As used herein, “Sales Tax” means any sales
or use tax and any other tax measured by sales proceeds that is the functional equivalent of a
sales tax where the applicable taxing jurisdiction does not otherwise impose a sales or use
tax.

Your Information and User Content

(a) General. You may provide certain information to Reviewer3 in connection with your use of our
Services or we may otherwise collect certain information about you when you use our Services. For
information about how we collect, use, share and otherwise process information about you, please see
our Privacy Policy [reviewer3.com/privacy]. You agree to receive all communications, agreements,
and notices that we provide in connection with our Services electronically, including by email, SMS
or text message (if you provide your manual consent to opt in to receive SMS or text messages) to the
cell phone number associated with your account, or by posting them to your account on the Website
or otherwise through our Services. You agree that all communications that we provide to you
electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. Your consent to
receive SMS or text messages is not a condition of purchase. You may withdraw your consent to
receive communications electronically at any time, but except as it relates to SMS text messages, if
you withdraw such consent, you may be unable to use all or a portion of our Services.
(b) Sharing User Content. Our Services may allow you and other users to post or share content,
including reviews, messages, text, photos, videos and other materials (collectively, “User Content”).
If you post or share any User Content, you grant Reviewer3 a perpetual, irrevocable, nonexclusive,
royalty-free, worldwide, fully paid, and sublicensable (through multiple tiers) license to use,
reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, publicly or
otherwise perform and display, and exploit your User Content and any name, voice, image,
personality, or other likeness provided in connection with your User Content in all media formats and
channels now known or later developed, without compensation to you or any third party. You hereby
irrevocably waive any “moral rights” or other rights with respect to attribution of authorship or
integrity of materials regarding User Content that you may have under any applicable law or under
any legal theory. Except for the foregoing license, you retain all rights (including ownership) in and to
your User Content.
(c) Input and Output. Our Services may also allow you to provide input to the Services (“Input”) and
receive output from the Services based on the Input (“Output”). Input and Output are also collectively
referred to as User Content. You are responsible for User Content, including ensuring that it does not
violate any applicable law or these Terms. You represent and warrant that you have all rights, licenses,
and permissions needed to provide Input to the Services. As between you and Reviewer3, and to the
extent permitted by applicable law, you (a) retain your ownership rights in Input and (b) own the
Output. Reviewer3 hereby assigns to you all Reviewer3’s right, title, and interest, if any, in and to

Output. Due to the nature of the Services and artificial intelligence generally, Output may not be
unique and other users may receive similar output from the Services. Reviewer3 may use User
Content to provide, maintain, develop, and improve the Software, comply with applicable law,
enforce Reviewer3's terms and policies, and keep the Services safe.
(d) Opt Out. If you do not want us to use your User Content to train our models, you can opt out by
emailing support@reviewer3.com. Please note that in some cases this may limit the ability of our
Services to better address your specific use case.
(e) Accuracy. When you use our Services you understand and agree:
a. The Services are designed to assist with research paper understanding and are not
intended to replace proper attribution or citation. You agree not to use the Services to
violate academic integrity policies or copyright law. It is your responsibility to ensure that
your use of the Services complies with institutional policies and applicable legal
obligations, including those regarding attribution, citation, and fair use.
b. Artificial intelligence and machine learning are rapidly evolving fields of study. We are
constantly working to improve our Services to make them more accurate, reliable, safe,
and beneficial. Given the probabilistic nature of machine learning, use of our Services
may, in some situations, result in Output that does not accurately reflect real people,
places, or facts.
c. Output may not always be accurate. You should not rely on Output from our Services as a
sole source of truth or factual information, or as a substitute for professional advice.
d. You must evaluate Output for accuracy and appropriateness for your use case, including
using human review as appropriate, before using or sharing Output from the Services.
e. You must not use any Output relating to a person for any purpose that could have a legal
or material impact on that person, such as making credit, educational, employment,
housing, insurance, legal, medical, or other important decisions about them.
f.

3.

Our Services may provide incomplete, incorrect, or offensive Output that does not
represent Reviewer3's views. If Output references any third party products or services, it
doesn’t mean the third party endorses or is affiliated with Reviewer3.

Prohibited Conduct

(a) General. You will not use our Services if you are not eligible to use our Services in accordance with
these Terms and will not use our Services other than for their intended purpose. Without limiting the
foregoing, you must always be respectful of other users during your use of our Services.
(b) Specific. Further, you will not:
▪

Use our Services for any purpose other than your personal, non-commercial purpose;

▪

Violate any applicable law, contract, intellectual property right, or other third-party right or
commit a tort;

▪

Engage in any harassing, threatening, intimidating, predatory, stalking, discriminatory, or other
objectionable conduct or disturb or solicit others;

▪

Use any cameras, video, or other devices designed to or enabled to capture recordings in
connection with our Services without our prior written consent;

▪

Use or attempt to use another user’s account or information without authorization from that user
and Reviewer3;

▪

Impersonate or post on behalf of any person or entity or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation
with a person or entity;

▪

Sell or resell our Services;

▪

Copy, reproduce, distribute, publicly perform, or publicly display all or portions of our Services,
except as expressly permitted by us or our licensors;

▪

use Output to develop any artificial intelligence models that compete with our products and
services;

▪

Modify our Services, remove any proprietary rights notices or markings, or otherwise make any
derivative works based upon our Services;

▪

Use our Services in any manner that could interfere with, disrupt, negatively affect, or inhibit
other users from fully enjoying our Services or that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair
the functioning of our Services in any manner;

▪

Reverse engineer any aspect of our Services or do anything that might discover source code, or
bypass or circumvent measures employed to prevent or limit access to any part of our Services;

▪

Use any data mining, robots, or similar data gathering or extraction methods designed to scrape or
extract data from our Services except in accordance with instructions contained in our robot.txt
file and only to compile for search results;

▪

Develop or use any applications that interact with our Services without our prior written consent;

▪

Send, distribute, or post spam, unsolicited or bulk commercial electronic communications, chain
letters, or pyramid schemes;

▪

Link to any online portion of our Services; or

▪

Use our Services for any illegal or unauthorized purpose, or engage in, encourage, or promote any
activity that violates these Terms.

(c) Enforcement. Enforcement of this Section 3 is solely at Reviewer3's discretion, and failure to
enforce this section in some instances does not constitute a waiver of our right to enforce it in other
instances.

4.

Ownership; Limited License

Reviewer3 or our licensors own all right title and interest (including intellectual property rights) in and to
the Services, including the text, graphics, images, photographs, videos, illustrations, and other content
contained therein. Except as expressly stated in these Terms, all rights in and to the Services, including all
intellectual property rights therein and thereto, are reserved by us or our licensors. Subject to your
compliance with these Terms, you are hereby granted a limited, nonexclusive, nontransferable, nonsublicensable, revocable license to access and use the Services for your own personal, noncommercial

use. Any use of the Services other than as specifically authorized herein, without our prior written
permission, is strictly prohibited and will terminate the license granted herein and violate our intellectual
property rights.

5.

Trademarks

The “Reviewer3” name and our logos, product or service names, slogans, and the look and feel of our
Services are trademarks of Reviewer3 and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part,
without our prior written permission. All other trademarks, registered trademarks, product names, and
company names or logos mentioned on or in connection with our Services are the property of their
respective owners. Reference to any products, services, processes, or other information by trade name,
trademark, manufacturer, supplier, or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship, or
recommendation by us.

6.

Feedback

You may voluntarily post, submit, or otherwise communicate to us any questions, comments, suggestions,
ideas, original or creative materials, or other information about Reviewer3 or our Services (collectively,
“Feedback”). You understand that we may use such Feedback for any purpose, commercial or otherwise,
without acknowledgment or compensation to you, including to develop, copy, publish, or improve the
Feedback or our Services, or to improve or develop new products, services, or our Services in
Reviewer3's sole discretion. Reviewer3 will exclusively own all improvements to, or new, Reviewer3
products or services based on any Feedback. You understand that Reviewer3 may treat Feedback as
nonconfidential.

7.

Third Party Materials

(a) Our Services may rely on or interoperate with third-party products and services, including, without
limitation, data storage services, communications technologies, IoT platforms, and internet and
mobile operators (collectively, “Third-Party Materials”). These Third-Party Materials are beyond our
control, but their operation may impact, or be impacted by, the use and reliability of our Services. You
acknowledge that (i) the use and availability of our Services is dependent on third-party product
vendors and service providers and (ii) these Third-Party Materials may not operate reliably 100% of
the time, which may impact the way that our Services operate.
(b)

Your access to and use of such Third-Party Materials may be subject to additional terms,
conditions, and policies (including terms of service or privacy policies of the applicable third
party). You are responsible for obtaining and maintaining any computer hardware, equipment,
network services and connectivity, telecommunications services, and other products and services
necessary to use our Services. Your use of such Third-Party Materials is at your own discretion
and you shall ensure that you are familiar with and approve the terms on which such applications
and services are provided, including without limitation:
i.
Google’s Gemini provides for encryption of User Content and other data at rest and in
transit. We use Google’s Gemini models via the Gemini API as a Paid Service. When
used as a Paid Service, Google does not use your prompts or outputs to train or improve
its models and processes them under Google’s data-processor terms. You must comply
with their terms and privacy policy: [https://ai.google.dev/gemini-api/terms].
ii.
Supabase (managed Postgres and object storage) is SOC 2 Type II compliant. Data is
encrypted at rest and in transit; access is restricted by policies and private buckets.
Where appropriate, we may also use application-layer encryption (e.g., Supabase Vault/

pgsodium) for selected fields. You must comply with Supabase’s terms [https://
supabase.com/terms] and privacy policy: [https://supabase.com/privacy].

8.

Indemnification

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless
Reviewer3 and our subsidiaries and affiliates, and each of our respective officers, directors, employees,
partners and agents (individually and collectively, the “Reviewer3 Parties”) from and against any losses,
liabilities, claims, demands, damages, expenses or costs (“Claims”) arising out of or related to: (a) your
access to or use of our Services (including any acts and/or omissions); (b) your Feedback; (c) your
violation of these Terms; or (d) your violation, misappropriation, or infringement of any rights of another
(including intellectual property rights or privacy rights). You will cooperate with the Reviewer3 Parties in
defending third-party Claims and pay all fees, costs, and expenses associated with defending such thirdparty Claims (including attorneys’ fees). The Reviewer3 Parties will have control of the defense or
settlement, at Reviewer3's sole option, of any third-party Claims. This indemnity is in addition to, and not
in lieu of, any other indemnities set forth in a written agreement between you and Reviewer3 or the other
Reviewer3 Parties.

9.

Disclaimer and Release

(a) Disclaimer. YOUR USE OF OUR SERVICES AND ANY SERVICES, CONTENT OR
MATERIALS PROVIDED THEREIN OR THEREWITH (INCLUDING THE THIRD-PARTY
MATERIALS) IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN A WRITING
BY US AND TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, OUR
SERVICES AND ANY SERVICES, CONTENT OR MATERIALS PROVIDED THEREIN OR
THEREWITH (INCLUDING THE THIRD-PARTY MATERIALS) ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND
“AS AVAILABLE” WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
AND REVIEWER3 DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE FOREGOING,
INCLUDING IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN ADDITION, Reviewer3
DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT OUR SERVICES OR ANY SERVICES OR
CONTENT PROVIDED THEREIN OR THEREWITH (INCLUDING THE THIRD-PARTY
MATERIALS) ARE ACCURATE, COMPLETE, RELIABLE, CURRENT, OR ERROR-FREE OR
THAT ACCESS TO OUR SERVICES OR ANY SERVICES OR CONTENT PROVIDED THEREIN
OR THEREWITH (INCLUDING THE THIRD-PARTY MATERIALS) WILL BE
UNINTERRUPTED. WHILE Reviewer3 ATTEMPTS TO MAKE YOUR USE OF OUR SERVICES
AND ANY SERVICES AND CONTENT PROVIDED THEREIN OR THEREWITH (INCLUDING
THE THIRD-PARTY MATERIALS) SAFE, WE CANNOT AND DO NOT REPRESENT OR
WARRANT THAT OUR SERVICES OR ANY SERVICES OR CONTENT PROVIDED THEREIN
OR THEREWITH (INCLUDING THE THIRD-PARTY MATERIALS) OR OUR SERVERS ARE
FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS OR CONTENT OR MATERIALS.
YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF OUR
SERVICES AND ANY SERVICES OR CONTENT PROVIDED THEREIN OR THEREWITH
(INCLUDING THE THIRD-PARTY MATERIALS). YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE THAT ANY USE
OF OUTPUTS FROM THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND YOU WILL NOT RELY
ON OUTPUT AS A SOLE SOURCE OF TRUTH OR FACTUAL INFORMATION, OR AS A
SUBSTITUTE FOR PROFESSIONAL ADVICE.
(b) Release. YOU HEREBY SPECIFICALLY, FULLY AND FOREVER RELEASE, COVENANT
NOT TO SUE, DISCHARGE, AND INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS REVIEWER3
PARTIES FROM AND AGAINST ANY AND ALL CLAIMS (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 8)
RELATED TO DISPUTES BETWEEN USERS AND THE ACTS OR OMISSIONS OF ANY

THIRD PARTIES. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THIS WAIVER MEANS YOU GIVE UP
YOUR RIGHT TO BRING ANY CLAIMS, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, FOR
PHYSICAL OR EMOTIONAL INJURIES, DEATH, DISEASE OR PROPERTY LOSSES, OR
ANY OTHER LOSS, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, CLAIMS FOR
NEGLIGENCE, AND YOU GIVE UP ANY CLAIM YOU MAY HAVE TO SEEK DAMAGES,
WHETHER KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, FORESEEN OR UNFORESEEN.
If you are a consumer who resides in California, you hereby waive your rights under California
Civil Code § 1542, which provides: “A general release does not extend to claims that the
creditor or releasing party does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of
executing the release and that, if known by him or her, would have materially affected his or her
settlement with the debtor or released party.”
(c) Beneficiaries. ALL DISCLAIMERS AND RELEASES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING IN THIS
SECTION 9 AND ELSEWHERE IN THESE TERMS) ARE MADE FOR THE BENEFIT OF
Reviewer3, THE OTHER Reviewer3 PARTIES, AND THE Reviewer3 PARTIES’ RESPECTIVE
SHAREHOLDERS, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, LICENSORS, SUPPLIERS, AND SERVICE
PROVIDERS, AS WELL AS THEIR RESPECTIVE SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS.

10. Limitation of Liability
(a) Waiver of Certain Damages. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Reviewer3 and
the other Reviewer3 Parties will not be liable to you under any theory of liability—whether
based in contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, warranty, or otherwise—for any indirect,
consequential, exemplary, incidental, punitive, or special damages or lost profits, even if
Reviewer3 or the other Reviewer3 Parties have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
(b) Liability Cap. The total liability of Reviewer3 and the other Reviewer3 Parties to you (whether
occurring under these Terms or otherwise), regardless of the form of the action, is limited to the
amount paid by you to use our Services giving rise to the claim or $100 USD, whichever is
greater.
(c) Exclusions. The limitations set forth in this Section 10 will not limit or exclude liability for the
gross negligence, fraud, or intentional misconduct of Reviewer3 or the other Reviewer3 Parties
or for any other matters in which liability cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Additionally, some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or
consequential damages, so the above limitations or exclusions may not apply to you.

11. Dispute Resolution; Binding Arbitration
PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY BECAUSE IT REQUIRES YOU AND Reviewer3
TO ARBITRATE CERTAIN DISPUTES AND CLAIMS AND LIMITS THE MANNER IN
WHICH WE CAN SEEK RELIEF FROM EACH OTHER. ARBITRATION PRECLUDES YOU
AND Reviewer3 FROM SUING IN COURT OR HAVING A JURY TRIAL. YOU AND Reviewer3
AGREE THAT ARBITRATION WILL BE SOLELY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT AS A
CLASS ARBITRATION, CLASS ACTION, OR ANY OTHER KIND OF REPRESENTATIVE
PROCEEDING. Reviewer3 AND YOU ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY A
JURY.
FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS BELOW IF YOU WISH TO OPT OUT OF THE
REQUIREMENT OF ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS. NO CLASS OR

REPRESENTATIVE ACTIONS OR ARBITRATIONS ARE ALLOWED UNDER THIS
ARBITRATION AGREEMENT.
(a) Arbitrable Claims. For any dispute or claim that you have against Reviewer3, that Reviewer3 has
against you or that you have, or Reviewer3 has, in each case arising from, relating to, or stemming
from these Terms, our Services or any aspect of the relationship between you and Reviewer3 as
relates to these Terms or our Services, including any privacy or data security claims (collectively,
“Arbitrable Claims,” and each an “Arbitrable Claim”), you and Reviewer3 agree to attempt to first
resolve the Arbitrable Claim informally via the following process. If you assert an Arbitrable Claim
against Reviewer3, you will first contact Reviewer3 by sending a written notice of your Arbitrable
Claim (“Claimant Notice”) to Reviewer3 by email to support@reviewer3.com. The Claimant Notice
must (i) include your name, residence address, email address, and telephone number; (ii) describe the
nature and basis of the Arbitrable Claim; and (iii) set forth the specific relief sought. If v asserts an
Arbitrable Claim against you, Reviewer3 will first contact you by sending a written notice of
Reviewer3's Arbitrable Claim (“Reviewer3 Notice”), and each of a Claimant Notice and Reviewer3
Notice, a “Notice”) to you via email to the primary email address associated with your account. The
Reviewer3 Notice must (A) include the name of a Reviewer3 contact and the contact’s email address
and telephone number; (B) describe the nature and basis of the Arbitrable Claim; and (C) set forth the
specific relief sought. If you and Reviewer3 cannot reach an agreement to resolve the Arbitrable
Claim within thirty (30) days after you or Reviewer3 receives such a Notice, then either party may
submit the Arbitrable Claim to binding arbitration as set forth below. The statute of limitations and
any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled for thirty (30) days from the date that either you or Reviewer3
first send the applicable Notice so that the parties can engage in this informal dispute-resolution
process.
(b) Binding Arbitration. Except for (i) individual disputes that qualify for small claims court or (ii) any
disputes exclusively related to the intellectual property or intellectual property rights of you or
Reviewer3, including any disputes in which you or Reviewer3 seek injunctive or other equitable relief
for the alleged unlawful use of your or Reviewer3's intellectual property rights or other infringement
of your or Reviewer3's intellectual property rights (“IP Claims”), all Arbitrable Claims, whether
based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation, or any other legal theory, including, with
respect to Arbitrable Claims that are not related to intellectual property or intellectual property rights
but are jointly filed with IP Claims, that are not resolved in accordance with Section 11(a) will be
resolved by a neutral arbitrator through final and binding arbitration instead of in a court by a judge or
jury. Such Arbitrable Claims include, without limitation, disputes arising out of or relating to
interpretation or application of this arbitration provision, including the enforceability, revocability, or
validity of the arbitration provision or any portion of the arbitration provision. The arbitrator will
have the authority to grant any remedy or relief that would otherwise be available in court.
(c) Governance. These Terms affect interstate commerce, and the enforceability of this Section 11 will
be substantively and procedurally governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. § 1, et seq., to
the extent permitted by law.
(d) Submission. All Arbitrable Claims must be submitted to the American Arbitration Association
(“AAA”) and will be resolved through binding arbitration before one arbitrator. If you are a consumer,
the then-current version of the AAA’s Consumer Arbitration Rules will apply, which are available on
the AAA’s website (adr.org), as amended by these Terms as follows:
1. YOU AND REVIEWER3 AGREE THAT ANY ARBITRATION UNDER THESE
TERMS WILL TAKE PLACE ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS; CLASS ARBITRATIONS
AND CLASS ACTIONS ARE NOT PERMITTED, AND YOU AND Reviewer3 ARE
AGREEING TO GIVE UP THE ABILITY TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION.
The arbitrator may conduct only an individual arbitration and, except as described below
for the additional procedures to govern if twenty-five (25) or more similar or coordinated

claims are asserted against Reviewer3 or you by the same or coordinated counsel, may
not consolidate more than one individual’s claims, preside over any type of class or
representative proceeding, or preside over any proceeding involving more than one
individual.
2. For any arbitration you initiate, you will pay the consumer filing fee, and Reviewer3 will
pay the remaining AAA fees and costs. For any arbitration initiated by Reviewer3,
Reviewer3 will pay all AAA fees and costs.
3. For all arbitrations where the claims asserted are $25,000 or less, the arbitration shall be
resolved according to the AAA’s Procedures for the Resolution of Disputes through
Document Submission, and for all other arbitrations the following procedure will apply:
(a) the arbitrator will conduct hearings, if any, by teleconference or videoconference
rather than by personal appearances, unless the arbitrator determines upon request by you
or by us that an in-person hearing is appropriate; (b) any in-person appearances will be
held at a location which is reasonably convenient to both parties with due consideration
of their ability to travel and other pertinent circumstances; and (c) if the parties are unable
to agree on a location, such determination should be made by the AAA or by the
arbitrator.
4. If you or Reviewer3 submits a dispute to arbitration and the arbitrator orders any
exchange of information, you and Reviewer3 agree to cooperate to seek from the
arbitrator protection for any confidential, proprietary, trade secret, or otherwise sensitive
information, documents, testimony, and/or other materials that might be exchanged or the
subject of discovery in the arbitration. You and Reviewer3 agree to seek such protection
before any such information, documents, testimony, and/or materials are exchanged or
otherwise become the subject of discovery in the arbitration.
5. The arbitrator’s decision will follow these Terms and will be final and binding. The
arbitrator will have authority to award temporary, interim, or permanent injunctive relief
or relief providing for specific performance of these Terms but only to the extent
necessary to provide relief warranted by the individual claim before the arbitrator. The
award rendered by the arbitrator may be confirmed and enforced in any court having
jurisdiction thereof. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, nothing in these Terms will
preclude you from bringing issues to the attention of federal, state, or local agencies and,
if the law allows, they can seek relief against us for you.
6. The AAA Supplementary Rules for Multiple Case Filings and the AAA Multiple
Consumer Case Filing Fee Schedule will apply if twenty-five (25) or more similar claims
are asserted against Reviewer3 or against you by the same or coordinated counsel or are
otherwise coordinated. In addition to the application of the AAA Supplementary Rules
for Multiple Case Filings and the AAA Multiple Consumer Case Filing Fee Schedule,
you and Reviewer3 understand and agree that when twenty-five (25) or more similar
claims are asserted against Reviewer3 or you by the same or coordinated counsel or are
otherwise resolved, your or Reviewer3's Arbitrable Claim might be delayed. For such
coordinated actions, you and Reviewer3 also agree to the following coordinated
bellwether process. Counsel for the claimants and counsel for Reviewer3 shall each select
ten (10) cases (per side) to proceed first in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a
bellwether process. The remaining cases shall not be filed or deemed filed in arbitration
nor shall any AAA fees be assessed in connection with those cases until they are selected
to proceed to individual arbitration proceedings as part of a bellwether process. If the
parties are unable to resolve the remaining cases after the conclusion of the initial twenty
(20) proceedings, each side shall select another ten (10) cases (per side) to proceed to
individual arbitration proceedings as part of a second bellwether process. The remaining

cases shall not be filed or deemed filed in arbitration nor shall any AAA fees be assessed
in connection with those cases until they are selected to proceed to individual arbitration
proceedings as part of a bellwether process. A single arbitrator shall preside over each
case. Only one case may be assigned to each arbitrator as part of a bellwether process
unless the parties agree otherwise. This staged process shall continue, consistent with the
parameters identified above, until all the claims included in these coordinated filings,
including your case, are adjudicated or otherwise resolved. The statute of limitations and
any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled for claims subject to this staged process from the
time the first cases are selected for a bellwether process until the time your case is
selected for a bellwether process, withdrawn, or otherwise resolved. A court shall have
authority to enforce this paragraph and, if necessary, to enjoin the mass filing or
prosecution of arbitration demands against Reviewer3 or you.
(e) One Year to Assert Claims. To the extent permitted by law, any Arbitrable Claim by you or
Reviewer3 relating in any way to these Terms, our Services, or any aspect of the relationship
between you and Reviewer3 as relates to these Terms or our Services, must be filed within one
year after such Arbitrable Claim arises; otherwise, the Arbitrable Claim is permanently barred,
which means that you and Reviewer3 will not have the right to assert the Arbitrable Claim.
(f) Opt-Out Right. You have the right to opt out of binding arbitration within thirty (30) days of the date
you first accepted these Terms by providing us with notice of your decision to opt-out via email at
support@reviewer3.com. In order to be effective, the opt-out notice must include your full name,
mailing address, and email address. The notice must also clearly indicate your intent to opt out of
binding arbitration. By opting out of binding arbitration, you are agreeing to resolve disputes in
accordance with Section 12.
(a) Severability. If any portion of this Section 11 is found to be unenforceable or unlawful for any
reason, including but not limited to because it is found to be unconscionable, (i) the unenforceable or
unlawful provision will be severed from these Terms; (ii) severance of the unenforceable or unlawful
provision will have no impact whatsoever on the remainder of this Section 11 or the parties’ ability to
compel arbitration of any remaining claims on an individual basis pursuant to this Section 11; and (iii)
to the extent that any claims must therefore proceed on a class, collective, consolidated, or
representative basis, such claims must be litigated in a civil court of competent jurisdiction and not in
arbitration. The litigation of those claims will be stayed pending the outcome of any individual claims
in arbitration. Further, if any part of this Section 11 is found to prohibit an individual claim seeking
public injunctive relief, that provision will have no effect to the extent such relief is allowed to be
sought out of arbitration, and the remainder of this Section 11 will be enforceable.
(b) Other Jurisdictions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Terms, if you reside in any
country outside of the United States, you may bring legal proceedings regarding the Terms either by
following the arbitration procedure detailed above in this Section 11 or, if given the right by
applicable law, by submitting the dispute to an arbitration administrator in the jurisdiction in which
you reside. To the extent any proceeding is not subject to arbitration under applicable law, you may
submit the dispute to the courts of the jurisdiction in which you reside.

12. Governing Law
These Terms and any claims made hereunder (including Arbitrable Claims) will be governed by and
construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of California, except to the extent
preempted by U.S. Federal Law, without regard to conflict of law rules or principles (whether of the State
of California or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any other
jurisdiction. If any Arbitrable Claim is not subject to arbitration pursuant to Section 11, then the state and
federal courts located in San Francisco, California will have exclusive jurisdiction. You and Reviewer3

irrevocably waive any objection to venue in any such courts. If your local law requires that consumer
contracts be interpreted subject to local law and enforced in the courts of that jurisdiction, this section
may not apply to you only to the extent that local law conflicts with this section.

13. Modifying and Terminating Our Services
We may: (a) modify our Services or suspend or terminate providing all or part of our Services at any time;
(b) charge, modify, or waive any fees required to use our Services; or (c) offer opportunities to some or all
end users of our Services. We may provide you with notice in advance of the suspension or
discontinuation of all or part of our Services, such as by sending an email or providing a notice through
our Services. All modifications and additions to our Services will be governed by these Terms or
Supplemental Terms, unless otherwise expressly stated by Reviewer3 in writing. You also have the right
to stop using our Services at any time, and you may terminate these Terms by ceasing use of our Services.
We are not responsible for any loss or harm related to your inability to access or use our Services.

14. Severability
If any portion of these Terms other than Section 11 is found to be unenforceable or unlawful for any
reason, including but not limited to because it is found to be unconscionable: (a) the unenforceable or
unlawful provision will be severed from these Terms; (b) severance of the unenforceable or unlawful
provision will have no impact whatsoever on the remainder of these Terms; and (c) the unenforceable or
unlawful provision may be revised to the extent required to render the Terms enforceable or valid, and the
rights and responsibilities of the parties will be interpreted and enforced accordingly, so as to preserve the
Terms and the intent of the Terms to the fullest possible extent.

15. Miscellaneous
Reviewer3's failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not operate as a
waiver of such right or provision. These Terms reflect the entire agreement between the parties relating to
the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements, representations, statements, and
understandings of the parties. The section titles in these Terms are for convenience only and have no legal
or contractual effect. Use of the word “including” will be interpreted to mean “including without
limitation.” Except as otherwise provided herein, these Terms are intended solely for the benefit of the
parties and are not intended to confer third-party beneficiary rights upon any other person or entity.
Communications and transactions between us may be conducted electronically.

